[ML] Compute bucket counts for 1s bucket spans (#1909)
elastic/ml-cpp: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

  - the C++ front end to PyTorch and performs inference on models stored in the 
  TorchScript format. (See {ml-pull}1902[#1902].)

=== Bug Fixes

> * Ensure bucket count calculation is performed for simple count jobs with 1s bucket spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure bucket `event_count` is calculated for jobs with 1 second bucket spans.
```
